It's all a misunderstanding
Misunderstanding
What a misunderstanding
You haven't seen me yet, have you?
Hello, I'm Xue Lan, Song Zeyu's fiancee
What's the misunderstanding?
You can get pregnant with Zeyu's child
And he lives in his villa.
Is this all a misunderstanding?
Things are not what you think at all
I didn't take the initiative to approach Song Zeyu either
Things have happened
Although I am angry
But I thought about it for a long time
We all make mistakes.
You too
What's more, your original family is not good
I can forgive all this
But I have one condition.
What kind of condition?
Don't have any contact with him after leaving him
As for the birth of your child, I will raise it
And I can bear your brother's medical expenses.
I can help you with everything you are worried about.
I just want you to leave him
I really love the more
Miss Xue is worthy of being the daughter of Sunshine Group
So generous
Is this your own idea?
Do your parents know about this?
What was their attitude?
Everything is my personal idea
I'm really too selective
I just wanted to have a good time with him, but I didn't expect it.